README.md, before:

# Learn to code from home - sponsored by corona-chan

Welcome to my coding class. This repository will contain our class materials such as lessons, homework, projects, etc.

Excited to have you.

![hackerman](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/021/807/ig9OoyenpxqdCQyABmOQBZDI0duHk2QZZmWg2Hxd4ro.jpg)

## Introduction

This is my attempt at teaching you how to code from the ground up. This is understandably a difficult task, but I believe that if you put in effort, we will be able to get you to a sufficient level of javascript where you'll be able to know how to substantially increase your own skills. 

Please do join our [discord server.](https://discord.gg/eYPgbp)

### Resources

Do not hesistate to ask me in the `#questions` channel of our discord and I'll get back to you as soon as possible! If I am not available, one of below sites will likely help. 

- [MDN (Mozilla Developer Network)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/search?q=)
- [You don't know JS (book)](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
- [Javascript Basics for Beginners](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-basics--ud804) - a free Udacity course
- [Reddit (JavaScript)](https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/)
- [Google](https://www.google.com/) to find specific blog and resources
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/javascript)

Commit message:

add lessons link to main readme

README.md, after:

# Learn to code from home - sponsored by corona-chan

Welcome to my coding class. This repository will contain our class materials such as lessons, homework, projects, etc.

Excited to have you.

![hackerman](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/021/807/ig9OoyenpxqdCQyABmOQBZDI0duHk2QZZmWg2Hxd4ro.jpg)

## Introduction

This is my attempt at teaching you how to code from the ground up. This is understandably a difficult task, but I believe that if you put in effort, we will be able to get you to a sufficient level of javascript where you'll be able to know how to substantially increase your own skills.

Please do join our [discord server.](https://discord.gg/eYPgbp)

### Resources

Do not hesistate to ask me in the `#questions` channel of our discord and I'll get back to you as soon as possible! If I am not available, one of below sites will likely help.

- [MDN (Mozilla Developer Network)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/search?q=)
- [You don't know JS (book)](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
- [Javascript Basics for Beginners](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-basics--ud804) - a free Udacity course
- [Reddit (JavaScript)](https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/)
- [Google](https://www.google.com/) to find specific blog and resources
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/javascript)


### Lessons

Lessons will be [organized in this repository, in lessons/ directory.](https://github.com/riotcku/learntocode/blob/master/lessons/)

Lesson 1: [Basics](https://github.com/riotcku/learntocode/blob/master/lessons/basics.md)
